[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE
OF A MAN WHO PIERCES THE FATE
OF A UNIVERSE RULED BY THE
ENDLESS CYCLE OF VIOLENCE.
AS THE EARTH’S DESTRUCTION
LOOMS EVER CLOSER, THE REBORN
GURREN LAGANN COMBINES WITH THE
ARC‐GURREN, AND WITH THE MOON
GUNMEN NOW UNDER HIS CONTROL
CONTROL, SIMON SAVES THE EARTH
FROM DESTRUCTION.
HOWEVER, NIA, THE ANTI‐SPIRALS’
MESSENGER, IS CALLED BACK TO
THE ENEMY HOME WORLD.
[steam hisses]
>> Simon: THIS IS VIRAL.
I’VE MADE HIM GURREN’S
MAIN PILOT.
I’M GOING TO HAVE HIM ATTEND
OUR MISSION PLANNING SESSIONS
FROM NOW ON.
>> Viral: I’M NOT EXPECTING YOU
PEOPLE TO SIMPLY LET BYGONES
BE BYGONES.
THAT SAID, I DO WANT YOU TO
UNDERSTAND SOMETHING.
YOU HUMANS ARE NOT THE ONLY
ONES WHO WANT TO PROTECT
THE EARTH.
>> Kittan: WELL, LISTEN TO YOU,
BEIN’ ALL MODEST AND STUFF!
[chuckling]
YOU DON’T HAVE TO BEG
AND SCRAPE.
YOU WERE HANDPICKED BY SIMON.
THAT MAKES YOU THE SAME AS THE
REST OF US.
>> Yoko: WE’RE ABOUT TO LAUNCH
A FULL FRONTAL ASSAULT ON THE
ENEMY’S STRONGHOLD.
THERE’S NO TIME TO WORRY ABOUT
THE SMALL STUFF.
[blows]
>> Kittan: AND SOME OF US
HAVEN’T CHANGED A BIT,
EVEN AFTER TOTALLY DISAPPEARING
FOR SIX YEARS.
>> Yoko: GOODNESS, WHOEVER DO
YOU MEAN, KITTAN?
>> Kittan: I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU WEREN’T SWEATING
THE DETAILS.
>> Jorgun: YEAH, NOBODY BETTER
THAN HUMANS AT BEING READY
AND ROUGH!
[Balinbow growling]
[Boota grunts]
>> Viral: YOU PEOPLE ARE‐‐
>> Simon: OH, HEY, ANYONE SEEN
ROSSIU?
>> Artenborough: HUH?
HEY, ROSSIU, WHERE YOU HEADED?
>> Rossiu: ARTENBOROUGH...
DON’T BE IN A RUSH ALL THE TIME.
>> Ron: ROSSIU’S HAMMERING OUT
THE SURFACE RESTORATION PLAN.
HE SAYS HE’LL LEAVE ALL FURTHER
MISSION PLANNING UP TO US.
[chuckling]
LET’S GET DOWN TO BUSINESS.
THIS IS THE RESULT OF ALL THE
COLLATED DATA.
THE EARTH SPIRAL RACE FLAGSHIP
CURRENTLY IN LUNAR ORBIT IS THE
CATHEDRAL TERRA.
IT WAS STOLEN BY THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS AND DISGUISED AS
OUR MOON.
GURREN LAGANN.
ARC‐GURREN.
CATHEDRAL TERRA.
THE THING THAT BRINGS OUT THE
POTENTIAL OF EACH IS
SPIRAL POWER.
THAT REFERS TO THE POWER OF
EVOLUTION PRESENT IN US
LIFE‐FORMS POSSESSING A
DOUBLE‐HELIX GENETIC STRUCTURE.
HMM?
[sighs]
TO PUT IT IN SIMPLE TERMS,
IT’S FIGHTING SPIRIT.
>> Kittan: WHY DIDN’T YOU SAY
THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE?
>> Zorthy: MAKES PERFECT SENSE!
>> Ron: IT APPEARS THAT THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS WERE ORIGINALLY
SPIRAL LIFEFORMS JUST LIKE US.
HOWEVER, THEY BELIEVED THAT
CONTINUED USE OF THIS POWER
WOULD LEAD TO THE ULTIMATE
DESTRUCTION OF THE UNIVERSE.
>> Nia: THE SPIRAL NEMESIS WILL
BRING ABOUT THE DESTRUCTION
OF THIS UNIVERSE.
WE ANTI‐SPIRALS EXIST TO
PREVENT THAT FROM HAPPENING.
>> Ron: BY "SPIRAL NEMESIS,"
SHE PROBABLY MEANS THE
DESTRUCTION OF THE UNIVERSE.
ANYWAY, THE SPIRALS WERE UNABLE
TO QUELL THE ANTI‐SPIRAL
REBELLION AND WERE DEFEATED.
"WHY DID THAT HAPPEN?" YOU ASK.
IT WAS BECAUSE THEY HID THEIR
STRONGHOLD SOMEWHERE IN A
UNIVERSE WITH A DIFFERENT SET
OF DIMENSIONAL AXES.
THE ANTI‐SPIRALS THEN BUILT
SPIRAL LIFE‐FORM ANNIHILATION
SYSTEMS NEARBY EACH OF THE
SPIRAL RACE’S HOME WORLDS.
THE SPIRAL RACES WERE FORCED
TO EKE OUT A MEAGER EXISTENCE
UNDERGROUND IN ORDER TO SURVIVE.
>> Yoko: SO THEN, WHAT’S THE
STORY WITH THE BEASTMEN
AND THE SURFACE ANIMALS?
>> Viral: WE’RE ALL BEINGS
CREATED BY THE SPIRAL KING.
OUR REPRODUCTION IS DONE
ENTIRELY THROUGH CLONING.
>> Yoko: WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
>> Ron: BECAUSE THEY DON’T
POSSES SPIRAL POWER, THEY CANNOT
HAVE CHILDREN LIKE WE CAN.
>> Yoko: WHAT?!
>> Ron: THE GENETIC DIVERSITY
RESULTING FROM GAMOGENESIS IS
THE KEY TO EVOLUTION.
IT’S THAT THAT KEEP SPIRAL
POWER MOVING FORWARD.
[sighs]
IN OTHER WORDS, IT MEANS THAT
LOVE CHANGES THE UNIVERSE!
>> all: [oohing]
>> Simon: AS WE SPEAK, THEY’RE
FOCUSING ALL THEIR EFFORTS ON
THE CONSTRUCTION OF A SCANNING
SYSTEM ON THE CATHEDRAL TERRA.
WE’LL FIND THE ANTI‐SPIRAL
STRONGHOLD, NO MATTER WHAT.
>> Yoko: AND THAT’S ALSO WHERE
WE’LL FIND NIA, RIGHT?
>> Simon: UH, YEAH, I GUESS.
>> Yoko: COME ON.
DON’T BE EMBARRASSED.
LOVE CHANGES THE UNIVERSE,
REMEMBER?
SO I SAY LET’S CHANGE IT,
WHETHER IT WANTS TO OR NOT.
>> Kittan: YEAH, LOVE AND
SPIRIT!
LET’S DO THIS!
>> Yoko: IT DOESN’T SOUND AS
GOOD COMING FROM YOU.
>> Kittan: KISS MY ASS.
>> Viral: I THINK I NOW
UNDERSTAND WHERE YOUR STRENGTH
COMES FROM.
>> Simon: WE’LL GET EVEN
STRONGER BEFORE ALL THIS
IS OVER.
>> Viral: TO WIN THE BATTLE?
>> Simon: SORT OF, BUT...
NOT JUST THAT.
>> Magin: WHO’S THERE?
>> Rossiu: FATHER MAGIN!
>> Magin: ROSSIU, IS THAT YOU?
>> Simon: KINON, WHAT’S
THE MATTER?
>> Kinon: SIMON...
ROSSIU SENT ME AN E‐MAIL WITH
THE SURFACE RESTORATION PLAN.
>> Simon: THAT’S ROSSIU FOR YOU.
HE FINISHED IT ALREADY?
>> Kinon: THE THING IS...
THERE WAS A MESSAGE WRITTEN
FOR ME ON THE LAST PAGE.
>> Simon: HUH?
>> Magin: SO, WHAT ARE YOU
DOING ALL THE WAY OUT HERE?
>> Rossiu: I COULD ASK THE
SAME OF YOU.
>> Magin: IT’S THE
STRANGEST THING.
THIS PLACE IS HARDLY FULL OF
HAPPY MEMORIES FOR ME, AND YET,
IT SEEMS TO BE THE ANCHOR
OF MY SOUL.
IT MUST HAVE BEEN HARD FOR YOU.
>> Rossiu: NO, SIR.
HERE.
>> Magin: ISN’T THAT...
OUR HOLY BOOK?
YOU KEPT IT ALL THIS TIME.
>> Rossiu: I’M RETURNING IT
TO YOU.
>> Magin: EH?
>> Rossiu: I’M NOT THE RIGHT MAN
TO HOLD IT.
>> Magin: HAVE YOU READ IT?
>> Rossiu: NO, THAT BOOK CANNOT
BE READ.
>> Magin: WHAT?
>> Rossiu: I COMPARED THE
WRITING IN IT TO EVERY KNOWN
FORM OF ANCIENT LANGUAGE.
BUT THERE WAS NOTHING LIKE
IT ANYWHERE.
>> Magin: WHAT IS IT, THEN?
>> Rossiu: SOMEONE PROBABLY MADE
IT AS A PRACTICAL JOKE.
>> Magin: A JOKE?
OUR HOLY BOOK WAS JUST NONSENSE?
[laughing]
>> Rossiu: YEP.
[laughter]
>> Magin: SO ALL THE TIME, I WAS
PREACHING GOD’S WORD HOLDING
SOMEONE’S PRACTICAL JOKE
IN MY HAND?
I’D SAY THAT’S RATHER RICH!
>> Rossiu: YOU EVENTUALLY LEARN
THAT SOMETHING YOU THOUGHT WAS
A PRECIOUS TREASURE IS NOTHING
BUT JUNK.
I WONDER IF THAT QUALIFIES AS
EVOLUTION?
>> Magin: YES, IT’S POSSIBLE.
WHAT A STRANGE THING.
[chuckling]
BUT YOU KNOW, ROSSIU...
THAT’S WHAT MAKES HUMANS
SO FASCINATING.
DON’T YOU THINK THAT’S SO?
>> Rossiu: NO, I DON’T THINK SO.
I DON’T SEE IT THAT WAY AT ALL.
>> Kinon: ARTENBOROUGH SAYS HE
SAW ROSSIU.
HE SAID THAT HE FLEW OFF
SOMEWHERE IN A GUN‐SPINNER.
>> Rossiu: NEVER THINK THAT YOU
CAN GO IT ALONE.
GET THE JOB DONE WITH THE
PEOPLE AROUND YOU.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO THAT.
THAT IS ALL I CAN TELL YOU.
THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.
KINON, I AM GRATEFUL FOR
YOUR FRIENDSHIP.
>> Kinon: HE’S BEEN ACTING FUNNY
FOR A LONG TIME, EVER SINCE
WE RETURNED TO THE SURFACE,
LIKE HE WAS HAUNTED BY
SOMETHING, OR‐‐
>> Simon: STAY CALM, KINON.
ARE YOU ABLE TO TRACK HIS
GUN‐SPINNER’S SIGNATURE?
>> Kinon: EH?
UH, YEAH!
IT’S A LITTLE FAINT, BUT I’M
GETTING SOME SORT OF SIGNAL TO
THE EAST‐NORTHEAST.
>> Simon: ROGER.
>> Magin: ROSSIU,
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
>> Rossiu: THE GROUND’S BEEN
DISTORTED BY THE MOON’S
APPROACH.
I DON’T WANT MY HOMETOWN TO BE
DESTROYED, SO I’LL GO CHECK
IT OVER.
>> Magin: THEN LET ME.
>> Rossiu: NO.
IT COULD BE DANGEROUS, FATHER.
WAIT UP HERE.
>> Magin: ROSSIU!
I THINK YOU DID A FINE JOB.
YOU DID, AN EXCELLENT JOB.
NOT EVERYONE COULD’VE DONE WHAT
YOU DID.
>> Rossiu: [chuckling]
>> Magin: [grunts]
>> Kinon: THE READING IS CLOSE!
>> Simon: THAT’S IT?
COME IN, PILOT!
STATE YOUR DESTINATION!
>> Pilot: OH, COMMANDER,
IS THAT YOU?
WE’RE JUST RETURNING THE ANIMALS
TO THEIR NATURAL HABITATS.
>> Simon: SORRY TO BOTHER YOU.
CONTINUE DOING YOUR JOB.
>> Kinon: WE WERE CHASING THE
WRONG HEAT SOURCE THIS
WHOLE TIME.
>> Simon: BE PATIENT, KINON.
>> Kinon: ROSSIU DIDN’T...
HE DIDN’T OVERTHROW YOU FOR
PERSONAL GAIN, SIMON.
AFTER THE TRIAL, I‐I SAW HIM.
>> Rossiu: [crying]
>> Simon: I KNOW HE DIDN’T.
>> Kinon: THAT’S IT!
WHAT ABOUT HIS VILLAGE?
THE ONE WHERE ROSSIU WAS BORN?
HE SPEAKS ABOUT THAT VILLAGE
ALL THE TIME!
HE’S ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT HOW
HALF OF HIS SOUL IS STILL
BURIED THERE DEEP UNDERGROUND.
>> Simon: OH, ADAI!
YOU’RE RIGHT!
HE’S GOTTA BE THERE!
I’M PUNCHIN’ IT, KINON!
>> Kinon: RIGHT!
>> Rossiu: ONCE, THIS
IMPOVERISHED VILLAGE COULD
SUPPORT NO MORE THAN 50 PEOPLE.
BACK THEN, SURVIVAL WOULD
ALWAYS MEAN THAT SOMEONE MUST
BE SACRIFICED.
ON THE SURFACE, THERE EXISTS
A WORLD WHERE EVERYONE CAN LIVE.
THAT’S WHAT I BELIEVED AS I
FOUGHT.
BUT I WAS WRONG.
IN THE END, I WAS GOING TO
SACRIFICE MORE LIVES THAN
EVER BEFORE.
I MUST ATONE FOR THAT SIN.
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
>> Scientist: WHAT?
WHAT’S HAPPENING?
>> Scientist 2: ALL SPIRAL
SYSTEMS ARE STARTING UP!
>> Scientist 3: THE MAIN ENGINE
IS POWERING UP TOO!
>> Scientist 4: BUT HOW?!
WE’RE NOT DONE WITH THE SYSTEM
BUILD YET!
>> Lordgenome: SPIRAL SIGNAL
DETECTED MOVING AT HIGH SPEED.
>> Simon: ROSSIU.
>> Kinon: ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: SINS MUST BE JUDGED.
I WILL ATONE FOR MY SIN AT MY
OWN HAND.
>> Simon and Kinon: ROSSIU!
>> Lordgenome: SPIRAL PERCEPTUAL
TELEPORTATION SYSTEM ENGAGED.
>> Simon: WAIT FOR US, ROSSIU!
>> Kinon: PLEASE DON’T DIE!
>> Simon and Kinon: ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: GURREN LAGANN!
NO! STAY AWAY!
>> Kinon: NO!
>> Rossiu: [gasps]
>> Simon: ROSSIU!
LET’S SEE YOU GRIT THOSE TEETH!
SNAPPED OUT OF IT YET?
ROSSIU?
YOU KNOW, I WAS ONCE BELTED
LIKE THAT TOO.
EVERYBODY MAKES MISTAKES.
IT’S TO BE EXPECTED.
BUT WHEN YOU DO MAKE A MISTAKE,
YOU SHOULD BE SLUGGED
BY SOMEONE.
I MEAN, THERE’S NO NEED TO
PUNISH YOURSELF.
AT THE TIME, YOU MIGHT THINK
THAT IT’S A MISTAKE YOU CAN
NEVER UNDO.
EVEN IF IT IS, IF WE KICK AND
SCREAM AND FIGHT LIKE HELL,
WE’LL MOVE FORWARD A LITTLE BIT.
I WAS TAUGHT TO BELIEVE IN THE
ME THAT BELIEVES IN MYSELF.
THAT’S PROBABLY HOW IT
SHOULD BE.
LEAST THAT’S WHAT I THINK.
YOU HAD THE COURAGE AND STRENGTH
TO TRY TO DO SOMETHING THAT I
NEVER COULD HAVE DONE,
NO MATTER WHAT.
WHAT’S SO TERRIBLE ABOUT THAT?
>> Rossiu: SIMON...I‐‐
>> Simon: COME ON, ROSSIU.
I NEED YOU.
ACTUALLY, I’M PRETTY SURE
THERE’S SOMEONE ELSE IN THIS
WORLD WHO NEEDS YOU EVEN MORE
THAN I DO.
>> Rossiu: I’M SORRY, KINON.
>> Simon: WHAT DO YOU THINK,
ROSSIU?
HOW DOES IT FEEL TO BE BACK IN
THE COCKPIT AGAIN?
>> Rossiu: IT TAKES ME BACK.
THAT’S FOR SURE.
>> Simon: I BET.
>> Kinon: I, UM‐‐I’M NOT HEAVY,
AM I?
>> Rossiu: OH, YEAH, YOU ARE.
YOU’RE VERY HEAVY.
>> Kinon: THEN I’LL‐‐I’LL CLIMB
DOWN IN THAT CASE.
>> Rossiu: NO, YOU’RE OKAY
RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE.
BESIDES, RIGHT NOW, I WANNA
FEEL IT.
I WANT TO FEEL WHAT THE WEIGHT
OF A SINGLE HUMAN LIFE IS LIKE.
>> Kinon: YOU JERK.
>> Magin: HUMAN BEINGS ARE
FASCINATING INDEED, AREN’T THEY,
ROSSIU?
>> Lordgenome: HOW COULD I HAVE
BEEN SO BLIND?
THAT’S HOW THEY ELUDED US.
THEY WERE ABLE TO EVADE OUR
SWEEPS BY CREATING AN IMAGINARY
OSCILLATING TIME‐SPACE BETWEEN
THE MEMBRANES OF THE UNIVERSES
WE CALL THE 10th AND
11th DIMENSIONS.
>> Ron: SORRY, BOYS.
I CAN’T MAKE HEADS OR TAILS OF
IT, EITHER.
BUT THIS IS DEFINITELY THE
ANTI‐SPIRAL HOME WORLD.
>> Simon: HOW CAN YOU TELL?
THAT’S...
THAT’S HER RING!
>> Rossiu: WHAT’S GOING ON?
>> Lordgenome: THE UNIVERSE IS
AN ABSTRACT.
IS IT A FIXED REALITY ONLY
WHEN OBSERVED.
THAT IS ONE OF THE
FUNDAMENTAL LAWS.
EVEN IN A POCKET UNIVERSE, AN
OBJECT THAT HAS BEEN OBSERVED
JUST ONCE CAN BE PICKED UP
ON A SPIRAL SCAN.
>> Rossiu: IT MAY BE THE QUANTUM
UNIVERSE THEORY.
>> Kittan: DO YOU KNOW
EVERYTHING, ROSSIU?
>> Viral: THIS ISN’T LIKE
YOU PEOPLE.
"EXPLAIN?"
WHO CARES?
WE FOUND THEIR HOME WORLD, SO
WE’RE GOING THERE.
>> Ron: VIRAL’S RIGHT!
WE KNOW WHERE WE’RE GOING.
LET’S GO.
>> Lordgenome: WITH A SET OF
PERCEPTUAL DIMENSIONAL
COORDINATES, TELEPORTATION
IS POSSIBLE.
AND THAT’S THE PERCEPTUAL
TELEPORTATION SYSTEM.
>> Ron: IF YOU THINK OF SOMEONE,
IT’LL SEND YOU STRAIGHT INTO
THEIR ARMS!
JUST THINKING OF THEM GIVES
YOU WINGS!
>> Viral: THINK OF ME,
AND YOU DIE.
>> Simon: THAT WARP...
WE’VE ALREADY EXPERIENCED IT.
BASICALLY, IF YOU HAVE FIGHTING
SPIRIT, YOU CAN GO ANYWHERE!
>> all: [oohing]
>> Simon: EVEN SO, WE SHOULD
ALSO ASSUME THAT THE ENEMY HAS
THIS WARPING CAPABILITY AS WELL.
>> Ron: A GOOD POINT.
>> Simon: IF THAT’S THE CASE,
I’M NOT SO SURE IF IT’S A GOOD
IDEA FOR GURREN LAGANN TO LEAVE
EARTH RIGHT NOW.
>> Rossiu: NO, FEEL FREE TO GO
WITH THEM, SIMON.
>> Simon: ROSSIU?
>> Rossiu: AND DON’T WORRY ABOUT
EARTH WHILE YOU’RE GONE.
I’LL COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
SO PLEASE, ACCOMPANY THEM.
>> Kittan: HE’S ABSOLUTELY
RIGHT, SIMON!
IF YOU DON’T GO AFTER IT,
ALL THAT MACHO’LL GO TO WASTE!
>> Yoko: WE’VE FOUND THE ENEMY’S
STRONGHOLD, SO LET’S GO SMASH
IT UP.
THAT’S HOW WE’VE ALWAYS FOUGHT
OUR BATTLES IN THE PAST.
AM I RIGHT?
>> YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN.
>> Simon: YOU GUYS?
>> Kittan: WE AIN’T DOIN’ THIS
FOR YOU, SIMON.
WE JUST WANNA PUT AN END TO ALL
THIS CRAP.
WE’RE SICK AND TIRED OF ALL THAT
DAMN RATTLING AND RUMBLING
ON THE SURFACE!
[exhales]
>> Kittan: OKAY, LISTEN UP.
UNCLE KITTAN’S HEADING OFF
TO THE EDGE OF THE GALAXY
FOR A BIT, SO...
I’LL HAVE A BUNCH OF COOL
STORIES WHEN I GET BACK.
>> Anne: [chuckling]
>> Dayakka: KIYOH, CAN WE TALK‐‐
>> Kiyoh: YOU CAN GO, HONEY.
>> Dayakka: EH?
>> Kiyoh: WEREN’T YOU ASKING?
>> Dayakka: YOU SURE?
>> Kiyoh: THIS IS TEAM
DAI‐GURREN’S LAST BIG FIGHT,
ISN’T IT?
HOW CAN LITTNER VILLAGE’S VERY
OWN DAYAKKA STAND ON
THE SIDELINES?
WELL?
>> Dayakka: I’M SO LUCKY TO HAVE
YOU!
I’M SO LUCKY I MARRIED YOU!
>> Kiyoh: YOU BIG LUG.
YOU JUST MAKE SURE YOU PROTECT
OUR PLANET, OKAY?
AND MAKE SURE YOU COME HOME
TO ME.
>> Dayakka: I WILL!
I PROMISE!
>> Kiyoh: OH, COME ON.
QUIT CRYING!
>> Kiyal: GUYS SURE ARE IDIOTS
SOMETIMES, AREN’T THEY?
>> Cybela: DIMENSIONAL ANCHORS
HAVE PENETRATED IMAGINARY SPACE.
THEY’VE SUCCESSFULLY LATCHED ON
TO THE MOON.
>> Ron: GIVE THE WORD, DAYAKKA.
>> Dayakka: INCREASE ENGINE
OUTPUT TO 50%.
ALL AHEAD SLOW!
>> Gabal: AYE, AYE!
INCREASING ENGINE OUTPUT TO 50%!
ALL AHEAD SLOW!
>> Yoko: WOW, IT ACTUALLY
CAME OUT.
>> Kittan: SO THAT’S THE REAL
MOON, HUH?
>> Ron: WITH THIS HERE,
THE CATHEDRAL TERRA CAN LEAVE
WITHOUT WORRYING ABOUT
AFFECTING EARTH.
>> Yoko: ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN
NOW, AND I WOULDN’T BE
SURPRISED AT ALL.
>> Kittan: SAME HERE.
>> Simon: SORRY.
I KNOW HOW BIG A JOB THIS IS.
>> Rossiu: YOU CAN COUNT ON US.
EVEN IF THE WORST HAPPENS AND
YOU DON’T RETURN TO US,
WE’LL SEE TO IT THAT
HUMANITY SURVIVES.
WE’LL KICK AND SCREAM AND FIGHT
LIKE HELL.
>> Simon: YEAH, YOU BETTER.
OLD COCO?
>> Rossiu: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
>> Simon: IS SOMETHING
THE MATTER?
HEY, THIS IS...
THANKS, OLD COCO.
I’LL BRING NIA BACK.
COUNT ON IT.
>> Guinble: IT’S TEAM
DAI‐GURREN’S FLAG!
>> Rossiu: YES, IT IS.
AND IT’S ALSO THE SAME FLAG WE
FLEW WHEN WE TOOK TEPPELIN.
>> Guinble: IT’S THE
ACTUAL FLAG!
>> Rossiu: GUINBLE.
>> Guinble: SIR?
>> Rossiu: I HOPE I CAN COUNT ON
YOUR SUPPORT.
>> Guinble: YES!
>> Simon: BRO, I’M HEADING OUT.
SORRY TO KEEP YOU WAITING, GUYS.
TIME TO LAUNCH SUPER GALAXY
DAI‐GURREN!
>> all: SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN?
>> Simon: THAT’S RIGHT!
SUPER GALAXY DAI‐GURREN!
>> Viral: THAT’S GOOD.
IT’S A MUCH BETTER FIT FOR YOU
PEOPLE THAN CATHEDRAL TERRA.
>> Simon: [chuckling]
IT SURE IS.
KITTAN, LEERON, DAYAKKA, ZORTHY,
KIDD, IRAAK, JORGUN, BALINBOW,
MAKKEN, TETSUKAN, ARTENBOROUGH,
GABAL, GIMMY, DARRY, CYBELA,
LEYTE, YOKO, VIRAL, LORDGENOME,
AND BOOTA.
>> Boota: [grunts]
>> Simon: AS LONG AS TEAM
DAI‐GURREN STANDS UNITED,
WE HAVE NOTHING TO FEAR!
ENGINES TO FULL!
PERCEPTUAL TELEPORTATION
SYSTEM, ACTIVATE!
LET’S GO.
THIS IS IT, OUR FINAL BATTLE.
[rock music]
[man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Simon: MILLIONS, BILLIONS,
TRILLIONS!
EVEN IF AN INFINITE NUMBER OF
ENEMIES APPEAR AND FACE US
IN BATTLE...
WE INDOMITABLE OUTLAWS WILL NOT
GIVE WAY!
NEXT TIME, ON GURREN LAGANN...
"I WILL NEVER FORGET THIS
MINUTE, THIS SECOND."